Docs: add section about custom transport CAs (#4238)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/elasticsearch/transport-settings.asciidoc

Check the https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#publishing-services-service-types[Kubernetes Publishing Services (ServiceTypes)] that are currently available.

NOTE: When you change the `clusterIP` setting of the service, ECK deletes and re-creates the service, as `clusterIP` is an immutable field. This will cause a short network disruption, but in most cases it should not affect existing connections as the transport module uses long-lived TCP connections. 

== Configure a custom Certificate Authority

> Elasticsearch uses X.509 certificates to establish encrypted and authenticated connections between the nodes in the cluster. By default ECK will create a self-signed CA certificate to issue a certificate link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/configuring-tls.html#node-certificates[for each node in the cluster].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elasticsearch uses X.509 certificates to establish encrypted and authenticated connections across nodes in the cluster. By default, ECK creates a self-signed CA certificate to issue a certificate link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/configuring-tls.html#node-certificates[for each node in the cluster].
```

You can use a Kubernetes secret to provide your own CA instead of the self-signed certificate that ECK will then use to create node certificates for transport connections.
The CA certificate must be stored in the secret under `tls.crt` and the private key must be stored under `tls.key`.

> You need to reference the name of a secret that contains the TLS private key and the CA certificate, in the `spec.transport.tls.certificate` section as shown in this shortened example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to reference the name of a secret that contains the TLS private key and the CA certificate, in the `spec.transport.tls.certificate` section, as shown in this example:
```
